The Persuasive Essay Outline
The persuasive essay may be written in both informal and formal methods.Your method depends on the topic and audience.  Logic is a key in this writing.  In the formal persuasive essay, the use of third person, present tense and stylized diction and syntax are givens.  It is the creative use of conclusions, and careful undermining of opposing arguments which make this essay style stand apart from the simple literary essay.
The key to success in this essay style is the wise use of diction and writing devices, which appeal to the emotion of the reader, and sway the reader to the opinion which the writer is presenting.
Introduction: The introduction brings the topic into focus and provides an emotional appeal to bring the reader to the author's perspective. The thesis provides a clear, concise explanation of the topic or issue, and the writer's opinion. There should also be some suggestion of how the essay will be supported.
Body Paragraphs: Begin body paragraphs with refuting points or contrary perspectives. By using emotional appeal and examples, the writer must discredit the refuting point and bring the reader to the writer's perspective.  It is the ordering and sequencing of the examples and appeals that distinguishes the superior essay.Writing devices also i111 work together to build the essay,  It is important that a line of argument answer critics in advance in persuasive writing.
Conclusion:	Appeal to the reader as to how the writer has come to this logical conclusion. This should involve a tie back to each of the emotional appeals found in the body paragraphs.
The answer can be both yes and no. RBI had declared that 99.30% of the money had returned. Does it imply that people found means to convert black to white in a short period?
It is said that often the money was deposited under a different person’s name. What about the black money which is in foreign currencies? It wasn’t taken into account at all.
But after demonetization, the income tax filing and collection became higher. This means more people came into the financial system and became accountable. We should remember that demonetization was preceded by schemes like Jan Dhan Yojna and Digital India.
These were meant for financial inclusion, and it did happen after demonetization. Now online transactions are accepted in every nook and corner of the country. One could find shops with signboards like ‘Paytm accepted here’ even in small villages.
Therefore, demonetization did push Indians towards a digital world. Digitalization makes the system more transparent and business-friendly. Thus we can conclude that the demonetization process can have positive and negative consequences based on the implementation methods.
The fact that Indian citizens supported and complied with the unexpected process is noteworthy. In the past, demonetization has been a gradual process or was taken as a responsive measure to war, hyperinflation, currency crisis, etc. Venezuela had to take demonetization back after strong protests by the people. So, we can say that many Indians felt that the intentions behind demonetization were good and required for our welfare and progress. Fake currency and black market weaken the value of rupee and indirectly endorse corruption. Therefore, let us pledge to adopt digital transactions and be prepared in case of another demonetization.
This is a huge step undertaken by the Government of India to let rural people make use of the internet in order to improve the overall quality of life. A majority of the rural population did not have internet access until 2015.
The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi also undertook an initiative to make rural households digitally literate.  The massive 2,351.38 crore project is an effort to cover approximately 6 crore households under its umbrella. The project, executed by a body known as PMGDisha (Pradhan Mantri Gramin Digital Saksharta Abhiyan), is hoping to achieve its target by the end of March 2019.
It will also help people connect with just the touch of a button. The government also wants to make digital payment platforms popular amongst businesses. This will facilitate more people to jump in on the digital platforms and ease doing business across various parts of the country.